[erc20-balance-starknet] feat: new erc20-balance-starknet strategy (#1740)
snapshot-labs/snapshot-strategies: src/strategies/erc20-balance-starknet/README.md

# erc20-balance-starknet

> This strategy returns the balance of the voters for a specific Starknet ERC20 token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This strategy returns the balance of the voters for a specific Starknet ERC-20 token.
```
